feat(react): make session requireable in `useSession` (#2236)
nextauthjs/next-auth: www/docs/tutorials/securing-pages-and-api-routes.md

}

export async function getServerSideProps(context) {
  return {
    props: {
      session: await getSession(context)
    },
  }
}
```

:::tip

> You have to configure `_app.js` to pass it the `session` prop. This way `useSession` won't show a loading state, because it already has the session available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you supply a `session` prop in `_app.js`, `useSession` won't show a loading state, as it'll already have the session available. In this way, you can provide a more seamless user experience.
```
